Revenge has been discontinued (#140)
Discord-Client-Encyclopedia-Management/Discord3rdparties: README.md

| [Dorion](https://github.com/SpikeHD/Dorion) | Lightweight alternative Discord client with a smaller footprint and some fancy extensible features | [![Rust][Rust-Badge]][Rust-Url] [![JavaScript][JavaScript-Badge]][JavaScript-Url]  | 🟢 Active |
| [FeatherCord](https://github.com/OfficiallySp/FeatherCord) | FeatherCord is a lightweight alternative to the Discord client and uses up to 25% less resources compared to the default desktop client. | [Closed source] | 🟢 Active |
| [GoofCord](https://github.com/Milkshiift/GoofCord) | A privacy-focused client with features like message encryption, script loading, and more. Based on ArmCord. | [![TypeScript][TypeScript-Badge]][TypeScript-Url] | 🟢 Active |

> | [GTK4cord](https://github.com/diamondburned/gtkcord4) | GTK4 Discord client in Go, attempt #4. | [![Go][Go-Badge]][Go-Url] | 🟢 Active |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Dissent](https://github.com/diamondburned/dissent) | Dissent (previously gtkcord4) is a third-party Discord client designed for a smooth, native experience on Linux desktops. | [![Go][Go-Badge]][Go-Url] | 🟢 Active |
```
why change back the rebrand of dissent?
